You helped me.
I don't know where you got the courage to let go here
Word, a KTV waiter
You actually want to help me with a wealthy president
Qianlong said, I have my own energy.
Okay, stop bragging about yourself here
I'm already cheap, so get out of here.
Don't wait for me to go back
Call the police and sue you
OK.
This is my phone number.
Call me anytime you need anything
Any need
Do I need you to come to my house as a babysitter or a security guard?
As long as you need me, I can.
Enough! I know what you're thinking
Don't accuse me
This time it's just that I humiliate myself so it's cheap.
No later
I won't look at a deer like you until I die
You'll need me. I'm leaving
Check it for me right away
What happened to the Jin Hailing family?
I miss me forever.
Swear not to be a war commander, your family
Even the thought of falling here
All slept with one leaning over